unemployment
In the back of the house, a little bamboo is planted.
Bamboo is planted so that the sparrows come.
A little bamboo is planted, making the sparrows cry.
In the back of the house, a little flower is planted.
A little flower is planted so that the butterflies come.
A butterfly is flying, fluttering.
In the back of the house, a little honey is planted.
A little honey is planted so that the sparrows come.
A little sparrows are flying, fluttering.
In the back of the house, a little plums are planted.
Plum is planted so that the sparrows come.
A little plum is planted so that the sparrows come.
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah